[DOCS] Update Indicator Match rule documentation (#2162)
elastic/security-docs: docs/troubleshooting/detections/detection-rules.asciidoc

If you receive the following rule failure: `"An error occurred during rule execution: message: "Request Timeout after 90000ms"`, this indicates that the query phase is timing out. Try refining the time frame or dividing the data defined in the query into multiple rules.
====

[discrete]
[[IM-rule-heap-memory]]

> .Indicator match rules are failing because the `maxClauseCount` limit is too low.

Reviewer: Remove period to match other headings
```suggestion
.Indicator match rules are failing because the `maxClauseCount` limit is too low
```

[%collapsible]
====

> If you receive the following rule failure: `Bulk Indexing of signals failed: index: ".index-name" reason: "maxClauseCount is set to 1024" type: "too_many_clauses"`, this indicates that the limit for the total number of clauses that a query tree can have is too low. Try increasing your cluster's heap memory to 2GB or more.

Author: @nkhristinin thanks for all the feedback!

I can revise the tip for increasing the ES JVM heap size and then point to the docs for doing that. Just want to verify that we're recommending that users set their heap size to 1GB and not 2GB (this was the amount I had taken down in my notes after researching the related dev issue and us meeting last week).

For the troubleshooting tip title, how about:
Indicator match rules are failing with a `maxClauseCount` error.

The version above doesn't describe the reason for the rules failing, but does indicate that the max clause count is involved. If 

Another revision, which is a bit more descriptive of the underlying cause: 
Indicator match rules are failing because the `maxClauseCount` limit is too low.

Let me know what you think - thanks!

> If you receive the following rule failure: `Bulk Indexing of signals failed: index: ".index-name" reason: "maxClauseCount is set to 1024" type: "too_many_clauses"`, this indicates that the limit for the total number of clauses that a query tree can have is too low. To update your maximum clause count, {ref}/advanced-configuration.html#set-jvm-heap-size[increase the size of your {es} JVM heap memory]. 1GB of {es} JVM heap size or more is sufficient.

Reviewer: I noticed that the linked page in ES docs doesn't use a space for measurements, but I think including a space is much more standard in general. 
```suggestion
If you receive the following rule failure: `Bulk Indexing of signals failed: index: ".index-name" reason: "maxClauseCount is set to 1024" type: "too_many_clauses"`, this indicates that the limit for the total number of clauses that a query tree can have is too low. To update your maximum clause count, {ref}/advanced-configuration.html#set-jvm-heap-size[increase the size of your {es} JVM heap memory]. 1 GB of {es} JVM heap size or more is sufficient.
```

Author: Either work IMO and I've seen both in our solution docs. :)
